README.md, before:

# Python Client for Cloudhub API

API Documentation: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/API

Command list and help  
```
python cloudhubClient.py -h
```

Subcommands help
```
python cloudhubClient.py {subcommand} -h
```

+ [Subcommands](#getapplicationinfo)
    * [Get Application Info](#getapplicationinfo)
    * [Get All Applications](#getallapplications)
    * [Update Application Metadata](#updateapplicationmetadata)
    * [Deploy Application](#deployapplication)
    * [Create Application](#createapplication)
    * [Delete Application](#deleteapplication)
+ [Requirements](#requirements)

### Get Application Info <a name="getapplicationinfo"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Get+Application

**Usage** 
Lets say we want to get the belonging information for an app that placed in *https://fandermole.cloudhub.io/*. Then I should run the following command:
```
python cloudhubClient.py gai -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword -app_name fandermole
```

### Get All Applications <a name="getallapplications"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/List+All+Applications

**Usage** 
```
python cloudhubClient.py gaa -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword
```

### Update Application Metadata <a name="updateapplicationmetadata"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Update+Application+Metadata

**Usage** 
Lets now figure out we want to update the properties for an app that is placed in ```https://fandermole.cloudhub.io/```. Then I should run the following command:
```
python cloudhubClient.py uam -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword -app_name fandermole --properties_path propertiesFilePath
```

This method expects a properties file that should look like the following example:
```
#Endpoints configuration
propertyname.a=propertya
propertyname.b=propertyb
```
### Deploy Application <a name="deployapplication"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Deploying+a+CloudHub+Application

**Usage** 
```
python cloudhubClient.py dam -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword --file_path application.zip
```

### Create Application <a name="createapplication"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Create+Application

**Usage** 
```
python cloudhubClient.py ca´ -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword -a app_name --properties_path application.zip --mule_version 3.4.1
```

This method expects a properties file that should look like the following example:
```
#Endpoints configuration
propertyname.a=propertya
propertyname.b=propertyb
```

### Delete Application <a name="deleteapplication"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Delete+Application

**Usage** 
```
python cloudhubClient.py dea -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword -a app_name
```

## Requirements <a name="requirements"/>

### Python requests module

How to install Docs: http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/user/install/  

Take into account that you may need to excecute the instalation using admin permissions; otherwise you could receive the following error message:
```
[Errno 13] Permission denied: '/Library/Python/2.7/site-packages/test-easy-install-2478.write-test'
```

Commit message:

Adding Environments usage on Readme

README.md, after:

# Python Client for Cloudhub API

API Documentation: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/API

Command list and help  
```
python cloudhubClient.py -h
```

Subcommands help
```
python cloudhubClient.py {subcommand} -h
```

+ [Subcommands](#getapplicationinfo)
    * [Get Application Info](#getapplicationinfo)
    * [Get All Applications](#getallapplications)
    * [Update Application Metadata](#updateapplicationmetadata)
    * [Deploy Application](#deployapplication)
    * [Create Application](#createapplication)
    * [Delete Application](#deleteapplication)
+ [Environments](#environments)
+ [Requirements](#requirements)

### Get Application Info <a name="getapplicationinfo"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Get+Application

**Usage** 
Lets say we want to get the belonging information for an app that placed in *https://fandermole.cloudhub.io/*. Then I should run the following command:
```
python cloudhubClient.py gai -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword -app_name fandermole
```

### Get All Applications <a name="getallapplications"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/List+All+Applications

**Usage** 
```
python cloudhubClient.py gaa -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword
```

### Update Application Metadata <a name="updateapplicationmetadata"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Update+Application+Metadata

**Usage** 
Lets now figure out we want to update the properties for an app that is placed in ```https://fandermole.cloudhub.io/```. Then I should run the following command:
```
python cloudhubClient.py uam -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword -app_name fandermole --properties_path propertiesFilePath
```

This method expects a properties file that should look like the following example:
```
#Endpoints configuration
propertyname.a=propertya
propertyname.b=propertyb
```
### Deploy Application <a name="deployapplication"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Deploying+a+CloudHub+Application

**Usage** 
```
python cloudhubClient.py dam -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword --file_path application.zip
```

### Create Application <a name="createapplication"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Create+Application

**Usage** 
```
python cloudhubClient.py ca´ -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword -a app_name --properties_path application.zip --mule_version 3.4.1
```

This method expects a properties file that should look like the following example:
```
#Endpoints configuration
propertyname.a=propertya
propertyname.b=propertyb
```

### Delete Application <a name="deleteapplication"/>

Doc: http://www.mulesoft.org/documentation/display/current/Delete+Application

**Usage** 
```
python cloudhubClient.py dea -u cloudhubUser -p cloudhubPassword -a app_name
```

## Environments <a name="environments"/>

In order to use this Command Line Client with apps on different environments than the default, the environment name after a ´@´ symbol must be added to the User Name on every call.

For example if you have a ***qa*** environment that you are using as a Sandbox, and want to use Get Application Info for the app created on this environment, the call should be like:

```
python cloudhubClient.py gai -u cloudhubUser@qa -p cloudhubPassword -app_name fandermole
```


## Requirements <a name="requirements"/>

### Python requests module

How to install Docs: http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/user/install/  

Take into account that you may need to excecute the instalation using admin permissions; otherwise you could receive the following error message:
```
[Errno 13] Permission denied: '/Library/Python/2.7/site-packages/test-easy-install-2478.write-test'
```
